In fact, the troops and regards of the members of the same type were
They called it their rustic existence.
There were more people who were better Duckt戇 gracias to our consensual experience.
And our equipment were used more.
The evolution of Futo
and飛行機場 that Rikuzumpun low investment fund for us and put one of the
effects on the society in
the end to what self-development knife
and has the above the civil war
In addition, Tateo, who I called a human,
was a man of no ability, no ability,
always was humble,
was a man of good attitude,
and was honest and honest with himself.
On the other hand, the officer and the soldier were close,
and they loved and trusted him.
The subordinates were watching him from the bottom of their hearts.
In the last letter, Tateo was praised for his humble personality
in the letter of the officer of the Terouchi.
I once said that Tateo and his subordinates were young officers,
and that they were the most important officers in the Air Force.
In conclusion,
I said that the Japanese men were all good-looking,
and that they were the most important officers in the Air Force.
However, I am not saying this as an example of my personal opinion.
I am saying this from the bottom of my heart,
that the Japanese men were all good-looking,
and that they were all good-looking.
I am not saying that they were all the same.
When the Japanese men were almost at the end of the battle,
Tateo was in a bad mood,
and he followed his beloved subordinate.
The city of the Air Force was in the middle of the Bengal Bay,
and was cut off by the enemy.
It was a sad and sad situation.
I personally think that Tateo and his subordinates
were killed in the battle of the 3rd Battalion.
I remember the time when I was in the army,
and I was in the army for the second time.
When I was on the air,
Tateo was a soldier who had to travel a few kilometers to the front of the army,
and he was about 50 meters in the air.
When I think of the time when he went back from the war,
I don't think Tateo is dead.
No, I believe that Tateo will live in peace
as a subject of his country and as a subject of our air force.